me and my colleagues associate mostly, um, through just different activities
that we enjoy doing. Um, I'm a surfer, so I enjoy social surfing
with some of my friends or being outdoors and taking on things like
that. Sometimes there's attending different sporting events together,
going to watch a major league soccer game or, ah, football game
or watching the Nationals make their historic World Series run last
year. It just depends on the circumstances you find yourself in and
really listening to those individuals around you and finding out what
is interesting to them, not always going to the things that are
the most important to you.